remember going there that day and I was
just like today's the day I have to jump
it you know like how long am I just
gonna be going through these things I
have to I have to clear it notice I hate
so bad I remember like biggest nose
case I don't know I don't even know if I
ever jumped them after that I might have
been I might have been it for me on the
big doubles maybe that's why I don't
jump there ever like a homemade
racetrack basically and the bushes down
by the river it's just that's like
blasting this thing for eight hours a
day you know Sun up the Sun down to flat
bent forks every day crack cranks broken
pedals you name it yeah we always had to
ride ride past Johnny Stewart's house
you know and when I go oh is he is he
outside I know is he's riding the
quarter pipe you know and we we're
always hoping we'd catch him you know
and it was one of those guys that made
you feel cool like if you're talking to
him you're like ah yeah there was only
one way into the dip so when you're
already down there you could hear
someone coming you know down the trail
we're like off every time you'd hear
somebody you're like oh I hope it's him
you know I hope it's him he kind of like
not that he looked like Dave clarin but
to me at the time like he the image of
him I was like wow this guy's cool you
know like and he had come down every
once in a while you do a couple laps and
I mean for that time in the city he was
probably one of the best dudes there was
you know so we're just like he'd show up
and we'd just be like oh everyone be
quiet
I mean I was buying random magazines at
that time Ninja magazines and wrestling
magazines and BMX magazines and then for
some reason at that time it's just the
BMX just like oh you know what to stuck
in my head and kind of kind of went from
there and at that time I mean it was
just still photo so I didn't know what
it looked like to actually ride or or
you know what I said wouldn't I see
pictures of guys doing doing errors and
amazing I never knew if they actually if
they landed on the deck or if they came
back into the quarter pipe when I
started seeing Dave climber in the
magazine I was just like this is this is
what this is what BMX is all about right
here you know like just the hair
everything the way he set his bike up
and the way dress that I was just like
well this is
you know and he was just like so raw
Street rider like no more uniforms no
more neon none of that stuff and it was
just like I was probably must have been
probably 14 14 13 14 at that time so
it's super impressionable but that was
just like that I had to switch my whole
wardrobe and I got to had to buy the
yellow Holmes with the core Bosch car
and had the whole kit you know so
you